{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green41\blue57;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Philosophical basis\
\

\i\fs36 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We need to cultivate within us, as we try to cultivate us out. We need to free ourselves from sterile behavioral patterns. We need to know our feelings, to express ourselves without fear of how others, without fear of our own will see us himself. Necessary acceptance, not judgment. We need self-determined by ourselves. This system generates fear and fear is food for those who are prisoners. Initiative optimal creative ability, freedom, life. The road is always open. We put obstacles, obstacles do not exist, they are dynamic, dynamic for development. let's open our arms to our fellow human beings and the pure joy of authentic experience of living materializing your dream ... let appreciate with gratitude, let us explore with open eyes, as you give time to this wonderful life.\
O our world is a wonderful world. Nothing is by chance, everything happens for a deeper reason why we can not understand. The reason is the evolution. We are creatures with great powers. Forces afraid and keep hidden. Forces at some point in our life we will ever see. The time has come to open ourselves to life, to expose ourselves towards the unknown, towards our destiny. This world is changing, we are the ones that change. You need to feel with sincerity the deepest feelings always kalyptame.Chreiazete to look for the cause for which synantiomaste. There is a purpose for everything that happens to us, for every person we meet. Small seemingly insignificant information, are bridges to a new reality. Some have the knowledge. Some shaping the world with a view to the check out. Fear is their weapon. And illusions. They want to make us feel small, insignificant, isolated. The truth is that we are creatures with support forces. We are the light that thirsts be flashed in the sky completeness. This transition will not be easy, they will not succeed all. The transformation occurs from the inside out. If you want to know the truth, you need to become truth himself. "To change our world,\
we must first change our words "- Rumi\
In order for a man to evolve, then to work with other people, and finally transform improving oneself and the environment around him, should have the ability to recognize and to clearly express their needs and feelings.\
Communication is therefore the starting point, the basis, the software if you want the eco-communities and networks are created.\
The communication with ourselves, communicating with our environment, with our fellow humans.\
Any disharmony in person or all indicate a need that has not been covered. The only need that has not been covered is not able to communicate effectively.}